End Input:  If the current character is “1”, it will be interpreted as “ESC” to end the editing process of the input string and display the output.
Delete: If the current character is “2”, it will be interpreted as a backspace and will delete the element on the left of the current cursor position.
Move Cursor Left: If the current character is “3”, it will be interpreted as a “Left Arrow Key” and will move the invisible cursor to the character on the left of its current position. If the cursor is already at the beginning of the string then nothing will change.
Move Cursor Right: If the current character is “4”, it will be interpreted as a “Right Arrow Key” and will move the invisible cursor to the character on the right of its current position. If the cursor is already at the end of the string then nothing will change.
Reverse Text: If the current character is “5”, it will be interpreted as a “reverse button”, where it will reverse (flip) the text on the left of the cursor. Example: “Sabanci5” will become “icnabaS”.
Find and Delete:  If the current character is “6x”, it  will be interpreted as a “Find and Delete button”. It will search on the left side of the cursor for all occurrences of “x” and delete them. Here “x” can be any character. Example: “I_love_computer_sc6eience” will become “I_lov_computr_science”.

For an example; 
Input: sit3h4_isa_an_33336a33354444444example!1
Our output string will be based on the manipulations from the numbers. Here is a walkthrough. First number we see is ‘3’, so before that we don’t need to do anything. When we see ‘3’ we will move our invisible cursor left by one to be in between the letters ‘i’ and ‘t’ our next input is ‘h’ so it will go in between ‘i’ and ‘t’ to have result of “siht”. When we keep going we see the number ‘4’, which means move cursor right by one. Now our cursor is after the ‘t’. Then we don’t see a number till the next ‘3’ so our resulting string is now “siht_isa_an_”. Then we move our cursor left four times because there are four ‘3’ numbers in the string. Now our cursor is between ‘a’ and ‘_’ in the “isa_” string. Our next number is ‘6’ and it is followed by an ‘a’. This means find all the ‘a’ characters on the left of our cursor. Since the ‘a’ in ‘an_’ is now on the right of our cursor it won’t be deleted, but the ‘a’ in “_isa” will be because it’s in the left of our cursor. Our resulting string will be “siht_is_an_”. Following this, we will keep moving our imaginary cursor left by the amount of ‘3’ numbers we see. After this our cursor will be between ‘t’ and ‘_’. Our next operation is ‘5’ which is the operation that reverses the letters on the left of our cursor. At this moment only “siht” is in the left of our cursor, so when we reverse it the result will be “this” and our resulting whole string will be “this_is_an_”. Our next number is a series of ‘4’. The number ‘4’ means move the cursor right so we will move the cursor right by the count of ‘4’s we see. This will bring us to the end of the string and our cursor will be at the end now. After this our next input is “example!” so our resulting string will be “this_is_an_example!”. Finally the number ‘1’ will mean the string processing will be ended and we will print our resulting string “this_is_an_example!”.

